Document all breaking changes. (#846)
telerik/maui-docs: upgrade/breaking-changes/2-0-0.md

---
title: 2.0.0
description: Handle the changes in the 2.0.0 release version of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI components.
page_title: Breaking Changes in 2.0.0
slug: changes-in-2-0-0
position: 1
---

> # Breaking Changes in 2.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Breaking Changes in Version 2.0.0
```

> This article lists the breaking changes included in Telerik UI for .NET MAUI 2.0.0 release version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article lists the breaking changes introduced with the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI 2.0.0 release version.
```

## Common Changes

> * *All `Telerik.XamarinForms.*` namespaces are renamed to `Telerik.Maui.Controls.Compatibility.*` .

Reviewer: * Use a table to present the changes as it will provide better readability. 
* Introduce the table with a sentence
* Use two columns: "Previous namespace" and "Current Namespace".

---
title: 2.0.0
description: Handle the changes in the 2.0.0 release version of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI components.
page_title: Breaking Changes in 2.0.0
slug: changes-in-2-0-0
position: 1
---

# Breaking Changes in Version 2.0.0

This article lists the breaking changes introduced with the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI 2.0.0 release version.

## Common Changes

The table shows the changes applied to the namespaces used in the Telerik .NET MAUI controls:

> | Previous namespace | Current Namespace |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Previous Namespace | Current Namespace |
```
